yeah
traffic jam
that SUV don't want to go too fast he's
gonna lose them he's probably got a
lower gear
here we are in the South during the
winter time and we're stuck in traffic
and here's someone running on the wrong
side of the road up through here let's
see what happens to them if somebody
hits them on the shoreline here oh yeah
how they're going up the hill here
oh they might not make it
and here comes traffic here comes
Chauncey
it's really good
detecting what can't stop that's gonna
be yeah look a then run off the road a
little bit yeah thank you
we've s'more today I'm pleased you're
making up the Hindustan yeah I think
they made a mistake yeah it does look
like you're stuck
see that sign is getting worse than the
side he's got to check the inside and
shine out
aw c'mon
would be eight o'clock tonight before we
get home or we left at 1:30
it is now 544 we drove about five miles
down hike and we're and we're going up
this tremendously big hill on the other
side of the Chattahoochee River and here
comes someone of the bicycle he's going
faster than anybody out here on the road
right now here you go there he goes he
is cruising yeah
we'll see how long he stays straight not
get side way
what do you think about this army give
me your take on why they slugs do you
need army please I'm glad for three
hours now mate but what hundred miles
three miles
about five five miles and yeah hey well
here we go right here here's how we
gotta do let's go jogging up the hill
right here like master sings yeah he's
staying warm we'll see if he starts
slipping slide when he's worth a lot
didn't wall me party that's a bad thing
abandon the car
I'll see if someone run off the road and
hit well that's going to be bad wait
till their feet get wet and they could
get frostbite right now if the
temperature is 25 degree
that is real cool I've seen some of the
same thing well they tried different
ways and they're back on the road here
we go we're doing a little bit Oh
anyway a very interesting day here in
the Atlanta area
we started getting snow around 11:15 and
before we could get out of work at 1:30
we were almost snowed in a lot of snow
and ice ooh a lot of automobiles more
automobiles and then as well it looks
like our side of the road is good but
the other side is getting bad because
it's less traffic and it's really
looking like it's icing over real good
looks like if you get to this heel and
come down the hill on a sled you'd make
it to work on time I believe all right
Atlanta that will be awesome now we
clocking it out